1.Semantic Tags and NonSemantic Tags-
	Semantic tags has meaning into it, it will tell you the purposes of this tags in your websites and the nonSemantic one doesn't mean
	anything nor they will tell you the purposes of it, basically we use semantic tags for website layout and nonSemantic for design, 
	functionality everything.

2.header tags - 
	h1 to h6, this has differenct font-size, line-height, font-weight etc according to there header number, ususally used for 
	heading purposes in a website.

3.p tag - 
	basically a paragraph tag used for showing content.

4.div tag - 
	it is basically provide a empty container in which u can put anything and by styling you can do anything with this contatiner.

5.Semantic Tags Example - Section, aside, header, navbar, footer, main, article etc.

6.Non-semantic Tags Example -  h1 to h6, p, div etc.


Some Viva Question --

1. What is the difference between Html 4 and Html 5?
2. What is the difference between checkbox and radio input field?
3. Why do we use <!DOCTYPE> html in the first line of our code?
4. What is meta Data?
5. What is the reason to use box-sizing: border-box?
6. What will happen if we don't use the box-sizing: border-box?
7. How to center a div?
8. What is Flex? why do we use it?
9. What is the difference between flex and grid ?
10.When to use flex and when to use Grid?
11.How Many Lists are there? What is difference between ordered list and unordered list?
12.How many display properties are there? What is the difference between inline-block and inline element?
13.What is the 3 types of css that we can use in a html file?
14.What is universal selector?
15.What !important do in css?
16.What margin:auto do in css?
17.What is z-index in css?
18.What is the difference between absolute and relative ?
19.What is the difference between fixed and sticky?
20.What is the difference between align-self and align-items?
21.What is the difference between justify-content and align-items?
22.on which axes the justify-content will works if we use flex-direction:column?
23.What is the difference between display:none and visibility: hidden?
24.What if we use padding: 24px 0 22px, draw me a box with this padding code;
25.What is the difference between padding-inline and padding-block?
26.How to open an anchor tag in a new tab?
27.What is the difference between div and section tag?
28.What is the difference between del and strike tag?
29.What is the difference between id and class?
30.What is flex-grow and flex-shrink?
31.What this border-collapse:collapse do?
32.What is the difference between child selector and Descendent Selector?
33.What is Genaral Sibling and Adjacent Sibling Selector?
34.What is the difference between text-area and input:text?
35.What is Attribute selector? Show me an example of how you can use them for styling in css?
36.What is keyframe in css?
37.what this transform:scale(2) do in css?
38.what backdrop-filter:blur(10px) do in css?
